Update configure-acl.md (#2595)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/security/access-control/rbac/configure-acl.md

- Include keys or key patterns with the "~" prefix.

> - Allow access to [pub/sub channels](https://redis.io/docs/manual/pubsub/) with the "&" prefix (only supported for databases with Redis version 6.2 and later). When adding permissions to specific channel, add 'resetchannels' at the begining to flush default configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow access to [pub/sub channels](https://redis.io/docs/manual/pubsub/) with the "&" prefix (only supported for databases with Redis version 6.2 and later). When defining permissions for specific channels, include `resetchannels` at the beginning to flush the default configuration.
```
